add valid_output (#361)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

<output_validator_program> tc.in tc.ans dir [arguments] < tc.out # MUST FAIL
```

The directory `invalid_output` can be organized into a tree-like structure similar to `secret` and contain arguments in `testdata.yaml` files that are passed to the validators.

### Valid Output

The `data` directory may contain a directory of test cases that must pass validation.
Their goal is to ensure the integrity and quality of validation programs.
The test cases in `valid_output` describe valid outputs for non-interactive problems.
They consist of three files.

> The input file `tc.in` must _pass_ input validation.

Reviewer: [I've not followed this issue in detail, so I may overlook something.]
Doesn't this input file and a statement that it must pass *input* validation contradict the section title?

Author: No. Calling the output validator with an invalid input file is just undefined behaviour.

Reviewer: Ok, but then I think it would be better to rephrase it as
```suggestion
The input file `tc.in`, which must contain valid input.
```
so that it is clear that no active validation is assumed to be performed on it here.

> The output file `tc.out` must _pass_ output validation for the given answer file `tc.ans`.

Reviewer: Nitpick: is there a reason to make "pass" italic?

Author: this is the same format as in section "Invalid Output", if we change this it should be changed in both

Reviewer: Sure, I'd say: let's change it in both places then. Feel free to do now. Otherwise, I'm planning to make a pass over the whole document, so will then change it.

In particular, for an existing feedback directory `dir`,
```bash
<output_validator_program> tc.in tc.ans dir [arguments] < tc.ans # MUST PASS
<output_validator_program> tc.in tc.ans dir [arguments] < tc.out # MUST PASS
```

> The directory `valid_output` can be organized into a tree-like structure similar to `secret` and contain arguments in `testdata.yaml` files that are passed to the validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory `valid_output` must be organized into a tree-like structure similar to `secret` and may contain arguments in `testdata.yaml` files that are passed to the validators.
```
Of course this implies that subdirectories are not required, just that if you add them, they have to follow the testdata directory structure.

Author: this is the same sentence as in section "Invalid Output", if we change this it should be changed in both
